Update docs about balancer HA support (#64)
manticoresoftware/manticoresearch-helm: README.MD

### What this helm chart does
* Deploys a StatefulSet with one or multiple Manticore Search pods (aka workers) that constitute a replication cluster.

> * Rolling out a Deployment with one or multiple (you can configure it in `values.yaml`) Manticore Search balancer instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rolls out a Deployment with one or multiple (you can configure it in `values.yaml`) Manticore Search balancer instance.
```

#### More Variables

<details>

| Variable                              | Description                                                                                         | Default                                                                                            |
|---------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | balancer.extraPackages                | Should we install extra packages like Manricore Columnar Lib, Buddy, secondary indexes, etc         | true                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| balancer.extraPackages                | Should it install the extra packages like Manticore Columnar Library for support of the columnar storage and secondary indexes, Manticore Buddy for support for specific commands etc         | true                                                                                               |
```
